Surrounded by a blue lagoon and a barrier reef, this majestic island lies just northwest of Tahiti and is known for its iconic over-the-water bungalow resorts. Ranging from luxurious to thrifty, these water-centric resorts surround the two remaining peaks of an inactive volcano that rise up from the middle of the lagoon, making it a prime location for scuba diving and snorkeling. Whether your interest is to take pictures and enjoy the stunning views, to hike the volcanoes and swim among the exotic marine life, or simply relax in the sun, Bora Bora is one of the most unforgettable and unique getaways you can find on the planet. Recently named ‘the best island in the world’, this tropical paradise could easily sway you from ever returning home.
Known commonly as just ‘Rio’, the second largest city in Brazil is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and an experience not to be missed. Home to one of the most iconic landmarks in the Southern Hemisphere, Rio boasts one of the new seven wonders of the world, the statue of Christ the Redeemer. This concrete and soapstone statue of Jesus addresses the metropolis from the top of Mt. Corcovado at 2330 ft above the sea. The hike is steep, but well worth the effort to see this breathtaking monument that has been watching over the city of Rio De Janeiro for almost 100 years. Rio is also famous for its beaches, including Copacabana and Ipanema, as well as its colorful Carnival celebrations, samba and Bossa Nova music, and natural juxtapositions of water, forests and mountains over which the city is laid out. Even if you are on a budget, an incredible amount of sights and experiences await visitors to Rio De Janeiro at no cost.
Budapest is the capital city of Hungary and the largest city in the country. It’s also considered one of the most beautiful cities in all of Europe. Divided into two halves by the Danube River, Budapest sets the stage for magnificently stunning nights; when darkness falls, the colorful lights all around the city glow and reflect upon the water. A thriving and financially strong capital, Budapest was built on land that rests atop more than one hundred thermal springs, which supply hot water to public baths that can be enjoyed across the city. Visiting the Hungarian Parliament (pictured above) is a treat for travelers interested in history, architecture, or just Hungarian culture. Aside from its appeal to scholars, the building’s lights and design give it a dramatic, regal image that demands attention. Visitors can also check out one of the many opera houses around the city, or explore the various cave systems that expand underneath the ground, some of which are highly-developed complexes connected to castles and other historical buildings.
The public square of Registan, in the city of Samarkand, Uzbekistan, is an ensemble of three Islamic schools or Madrasahs who now stand as monuments to a storied past. Meaning ‘sandy place’ in Persian, Registan was the heart of ancient Timurid dynasty, and is one of the largest tourist attractions in the region for history buffs. The first madrasah was built in the fifteenth century, and attracted wealthy sons from all across Central Asia to study the Koran and any other subjects that drew their interest. In its early times, the Square was used for public announcements, persecutions, and executions. Today, the intricate mosaics and gilded architecture of the Madrasah’s and their minarets hold the stories of ancient Samarkand within their glittering, silent walls.
A journey to the end of the world – that was what the 16th century explorer, Ferdinand Magellan, thought of his journey to Patagonia. Patagonia is the southern region in the Andes Mountains which is being shared politically by Argentina and Chile. It is a land of a few hardy people, frequent harsh storms,rugged terrain, natural granite tower sculptures, colossal glaciers, green fjords, and vast steppes interrupted only by hills and cliffs. Explore Patagonia’s geological features, ride with the Argentinian gauchos, and live a week or two on this remote land called the “end of the world.
Beijing, nicknamed The Forbidden Kingdom, is best known for its enigmatic imperial history. Set foot on the Forbidden City where emperors once ruled. Explore the labyrinthine hutongs with a pedicab ride. Contemplate in the Temple of Heaven or the lakefront Summer Palace. Beijing is the best place, too, to take off for a hiking conquest to the Great Wall. Keep your energy level in check before venturing into shopping and haggling at Beijing’s many markets for Chinese crafts, pearls, gadgets, tea and antiques. And you can’t leave without sinking your teeth on crispy juicy Peking duck. Beijing cuisine is as much represented in posh restaurants as it is in stalls at the night markets. If the city sounds all-culture and religion for you, try its late-night bars, jazz bands, Peking opera and performances, and cocktails on late-night boat rides. Beijing is the place to enjoy noisy haggling, a quiet cup of tea, or a solemn prayer with monks while marveling at dizzying skyscrapers and rapid progress.
The Isle of Man lies between Great Britain and Ireland, and offers a variety of escapes from the busy modern world, set amidst the story of a fascinating, sea-bound kingdom. Fiercely proud of its Celtic heritage, the Isle of Man remains independent and self-governing. The oldest continuously operating parliament in the world can be visited here, dating back 1,000 years. Outdoor recreation is popular on the Isle, from cycling to hiking, golf to abseiling. During your trip, be sure to hike along the Raad ny Foillan, a 95-mile footpath that races the coastline of the entire island. In summer, you can also take the tram up to the Isle of Man’s highest point, from which you can see the six kingdoms of the UK (Scotland, England, Wales, Ireland, the Isle of Man and Heaven), as well as the entire island, and the bodies of water that surrounds it.
Vancouver BC, Canada, is a very diverse city, home to residents whose cultures span from all over the world. Thanks to its multicultural makeup, festivals and celebrations from different ethnicities fill up the calendar year. So no matter when you visit, you can be sure there will be something going on. One of the best impacts that Vancouver’s diverse international population has had on the city is the food—the opportunities to try different dishes from around the world are endless here, and some will say that their authenticity is much truer than in the States because the ingredients that restaurants are allowed to use in Canada differ from the US. Ethnic restaurants abound all over the city, and if you are willing to travel just under 10 miles further out from the city center, you can visit the Richmond Night Market as well. This lively market features booths full of souvenirs and foods that will make the trip to Vancouver well worth it. Don’t let all this good food pass you by!
Antibes is a resort town in the southeastern most part of France. Known for its beautiful scenery and romantic atmosphere, it is a wonderful place to take your significant other on a glamorous getaway. Sit on any of Antibes’ 48 wonderful beaches to relax, go swimming in the beautiful, clean sea, or take in the art curated in the Le Musée Picasso, housed in the Château Grimaldi d’Antibes. An old lighthouse and several churches, gardens and parks also offer many points of interest dating from the days of the Romans to the 20th century. Antibes lies between both Cannes and Nice, making it a perfect place to stay for an extended visit—you’ll have all the luxuries of a busy city with the beauty and comfort of a small town. For a Mediterranean destination with pleasant climate year-round, rich historical attractions and lively modern culture, it doesn’t get much better.
A small coastal town of southern Thailand known for its beautiful waters, lush greenery, and pristine beaches, Krabi is a paradise set on the edge of the Andaman Sea. The limestone karst formations and caves that rise up from the dense jungle are coveted among rock climbers, who flock here to ascend routes overlooking the glittering waters. Krabi is also a wonderful place to explore Thai culture. Check out the local shrines and learn about the lifestyles of the monks; perhaps you’ll encounter some humbling wisdom from their teachings. Adventurous types will find the monks of Krabi appealing too: these monks actually live in a cave called Tiger Cave (part of Tiger Mountain) with cicadas and, so the locals say, tigers. Many of the beaches offer inexpensive bungalow-style accommodation just steps from the beach, or nestled in the trees along a footpath through the jungle. Laying in a hammock outside your bungalow and listening to the afternoon monsoon as it hammers the roof while you drift off into a nap might be one of the sweetest memories you make in Krabi. Whether it’s for culture, adventure or relaxation, you don’t want to miss this laid-back Thai village. The atmosphere is positively surreal, and will change the way you view your life.
A Mesoamerican city just northeast of modern day Mexico City, Teotihuacan is home to some of the most architecturally astounding wonders, including the Pyramid of the Sun and Pyramid of the Moon. These pyramids were originally lined with jade and gold, making them targets to robbers in earlier years. But what was lost is made up for in the brilliance that remains untouched. The stunning architecture and the magnificence of the murals inside the complex are what set Teotihuacan apart from other ancient ruins in this region of the world. Once the largest and most populated center of the New World, Teotihuacan continues to be excavated and explored. A tour of the ruins is an enchanting walk back in time, to a civilization in which Otomi, Zapotec, Mixtec, Maya and Nahua peoples lived in distinct quarters throughout this wondrous site.
Four hundred-year-old stone walls encircle the seaport of Cartagena, a Colombian city set among Old World plazas, restored colonial mansions and the romantic palette of a tropical coast. Posh bars and glowing plazas are plentiful, perfect for sipping a cocktail with your sweetheart and enjoying views of the city amidst the sea breeze and soft evening lights. Cuisine from around the world can be found here, from the Caribbean, Europe, Africa and Asia. After touring the old fortresses, museums and handicraft markets, check out some of the nearby attractions, such as the Rosario Islands National Park, or the Isla Mucura, a beautiful island resort known for its stunning beaches and fantastic diving. A lovely blend of Old World history and charm with New World style and sophistication, Cartagena beckons with a colorful, vibrant culture, and that sweetly slowed-down pace of the tropics.
Hue is the former imperial city of the former dynasties of Vietnam. While many other prominent cities such as Da Nang and Saigon have modernized to some extent, Hue still has many of its historical remnants, including the imperial palace. Nearby the imperial palace are the royal tombs, which is Hue’s top tourist attractions. People from all over the world got to Vietnam just to see them because they give us a look at the deep history behind Vietnam. There are many different tombs to see, and with them you can see how the architecture changes over the years, and see how the french colonialism influenced the architecture. After you’re done viewing all the royal tombs, you need to visit the Bach Ma national park; you can book a car for as little as 400,000 dong (about 15 USD) and it will take you to the top of the peak where you can look over the whole park, and wait for you until you are ready to go home. The people treat the tourists kindly and city offers breathtaking landscape and historical sights that make it a trip worth taking.
Once a cozy fishing hamlet, Copenhagen is Denmark’s capital and most populated city, and is today considered the cultural hub for Danish life and wider Scandinavia. Filled with beautiful buildings, monuments, parks, and internationally acclaimed museums, Copenhagen is well-rounded with attractions for every visitor. Stroll through one of the city’s romantic parks and paddle a canoe through a pond or canal. Check out the Fredericksberg Zoo or visit the famous “Little Mermaid” statue, a strong tourist attraction for over a hundred years that is based on the fairy tale of the same name. Or watch new and indie films in the Cinematheque, a movie theater operated by the Danish Film Institute. Copenhagen is a picturesque metropolis, enjoyable on foot or by bicycle (it’s a bike-loving city, after all), and won’t disappoint visitors seeking a hip and modern Scandinavian experience.
No one knows why the Mayans suddenly abandoned the ancient, vertical city of Tikal in the year A.D. 900, but despite the lack of inhabitants the impressive skazatone structures still stand tall. Located in the Petén Basin (now northern Guatemala), Tikal is one of the largest archaeological sites and urban centers of pre-Columbian Maya civilization. Today, only 15 percent of the site has been excavated, but what is visible will not disappoint you—six pyramids topped by ceremonial temples comprise the largest parts of the 60-square-kilometer complex through which visitors can wander and explore. Intricate structures of stone and carved wood in the form of altars, shrines, stelaes, causeways and tombs will send any traveler’s mind wandering back into the depths of history, musing at the mystery of Tikal amidst the lush Guatemalan rainforest.
What do the Garden Isle, Dinosaur Island and Festival Island all have in common? They’re all nicknames for the same place: the Isle of Wight. Great Britain’s largest island (during low tide, that is) has more to do and experience than you’ll likely have time for during your stay. Beach lovers will find over 57 miles of rugged cliffs, hidden coves and sandy strands to explore by the sea. The island is also host to a wide range of museums, fossil hunts and beach walks where the Isle’s Mesozoic inhabitants once roamed. For the adventurous, horseback riding, tree climbing, cycling and hiking can be done amidst the breathtaking scenery, or you might choose to simply enjoy the latter with afternoon tea at one of the stately manors. The heritage of the island extends to music and performance, too—the original Isle of Wight Festival was held in 1968 and today remains one of the most annually awaited events for festivalgoers in Europe. Whatever your interests, this treasure of the UK should not be missed.
Tuscany has it all: rolling hills dotted with vineyards and Cyprus trees, breathtaking coastlines and modern cities built from the cobblestone foundations of the Roman Empire. This region of Italy is synonymous with the Italian classics: wine, art, architecture and history. With famous cities like Pisa, Florence, and Siena, Tuscany is a destination for millions of tourists each year. Florence is the jewel of the region, home to dramatic symbols of the Italian Renaissance. Don’t leave without seeing Michelangelo’s David and the famous Duomo cathedral, and be sure to stroll along the Ponte Vecchio bridge overlooking the serene Arno River. In Siena, the Piazza del Campo hosts a twice-yearly horse race. Of course, no trip to Tuscany is complete without seeing the legendary Leaning Tower of Pisa and other beautiful ancient buildings found around the city. Tuscany even has long, golden beaches and thermal hot springs. There’s simply no way to be bored in this classical center of Italy.
The birthplace of tango, the culinary capital of South America, and the largest city in Argentina, Buenos Aires boasts a culture that places high value on art, music, flavor and style. Porteños, as the locals are called, are a passionate and proud people, and this is evident throughout the Argentine capital. The best nightlife in Latin America is said to be found here, as are trendsetters of the modern world and enchanting relics of the colonial past. After dancing until 5 am, you can recharge with a coffee in a posh café and explore the city’s world-class museums or take a siesta in the lush Palermo park. No matter your speed or style, there is a palpable zest for life here that is sure to rub off during your visit.
A charming city on the coast of Croatia, Dubrovnik (also called Ragusa) is a walled seaport acclaimed for its architectural beauty. Set against the shimmering blue Adriatic sea, the medieval city has been protected by its famous stone walls for over five centuries. For historical adventures, stroll down the Stradun, Dubrovnik’s limestone paved main street, or just northwest of the city, walk through the Trsteno Arboretum—it’s the oldest in this part of the world. On the outskirts of the city, you can walk along the ancient walls to gaze at the interplay of color between the sea and the red-tiled mediterranean roofs. A small but fun aquarium and maritime museum provides some family fun, and the nearby islands like Sipan, Korcula and Mijet are heavily wooded, enchanting, and accesible by ferry. The beauty and charm of this wonderful city is sure to captivate you.
This big Australian city has a lot to discover. Sydney is for nature lovers, with lush parks, fig groves and wildlife-filled sections of bush blended into gorgeous blue water at every corner. Sydney is for beachgoers and watersport enthusiasts, offering several harbors and plentiful splendid beaches upon which to lie and bronze. And Sydney is for culture seekers, home to the world famous Sydney Opera House, the Cricket Grounds sports stadium, dance and theater companies, art galleries, and heritage displays. The style here is loud, glitzy and in your face, but that doesn’t mean unrefined. Serious wine and fine cuisine can be found throughout the Harbour City, alongside pubs offering beer and sporting matches on screen. Be sure to visit the internationally-known Bondi Beach, and reflect on your Sydney experience while the Pacific Ocean laps at your feet.
On Red Mountain, in the center of the Lhasa Valley sits the Potala Palace, a stunning Buddhist complex steeped in the historic culture of the land. Visiting the Palace completely pulls you away from the modern world and allows you to step into the lives of the humble people of Tibet—your shangri-la. Here, you can walk in the footsteps of the Dalai Lamas. There are many different sections to the palace; some are serene and beautiful, like the pond behind the chapel. Others are simply breathtaking by the grandeur of their architecture, inducing the sensation that you really are quite a small part of a huge world. Stand at the very bottom of the hill where the Palace rests and look up to the top of the tower—the gigantic steps reaching up to the top will make you feel smaller than you can ever imagine. You do not want to miss this humbling experience.
When you think of Tasmania, what’s the first thing that comes to mind? If you imagine a snarling cartoon best, such as the well-known character from Looney Tunes, you’re not alone. However, a more accurate image would be a wonderful climate and an unspoiled natural environment. This small island state south of Australia is lined by golden, sandy beaches, and filled to the brim with eucalyptus and temperate forests, alpine heathlands, dry grassy ranges, thermal pools, caves, and more. Tasmania is also home to some of the world’s most unique and diverse wildlife, because it is geographically and genetically isolated. On your visit here, you can tour wineries, revel in pristine wilderness and rugged beauty, and learn about the island’s rich indigenous heritage. The daring can even rock climb or hang glide in the famous Cataract Gorge. Whatever you decide, you won’t be bored!
Pink sand beaches are the signature style of the Bermuda Islands. Also called the Somers Islands, Bermuda is a British territory off the eastern coast of the United States. The culture here is a rich mixture of history and heritage that bridges British colonial influences with those that are distinctly African, even if more subtle. The people of Bermuda are a diverse bunch, and this makes vacationing here a chance to both relax and enrich your knowledge of colonial history in a spot the Western world often overlooks. Period pieces, such as the oldest Anglican church in continuous use in the Western hemisphere, or the taking of afternoon tea at Heritage Court, present a way to immerse in the British side of history, while the Gombey Revue showcases the dances and music of the island’s African heritage. Bermudians are some of the friendliest people in the world, and look forward to welcoming guests.
From Buckingham Palace and Tower Bridge to the London Eye and Big Ben, London has no shortage of amazing sites in which to visit and linger. In the heart of the United Kingdom, London is a culturally rich and tech-filled home of numerous museums, galleries, libraries, sporting events and other cultural institutions, including the British Museum, National Gallery, Tate Modern, British Library and 40 West End theatres. One of the leading global cities of the world, it also offers cosmopolitan shops and boutiques, and sought after restaurants and food stalls. Whether you are traveling alone or with friends and family, London is an ideal place for an exciting trip. History, art, theater, fashion, food and sport—it’s all here.
Reykjavik is the largest city in Iceland and is known for being a great spot to view the Northern Lights as well as being one of the most historically important places in Iceland. Reykjavik is actually believed to be one of the first settlements in Iceland, which means it has been around for over 1100 years. But just because it has such a rich history doesn’t make it a boring, scholarly city. In fact, it’s quite the opposite. Reykjavik has actually been dubbed the nightlife capital of the north and has over 100 different bars and clubs that party until the break of dawn. It’s not uncommon for a bar that usually never gets customers to fill it completely until 4 am on a weekend, because the night life there is just so packed and brings in so many tourists. However, as previously stated, Reykjavik is also known for being a wonderful place to see the northern lights (along with most of Iceland) which is another great reason to go there. If you go during the fall or the winter and find a place to stay the night, you won’t regret it when you see the most beautiful lights in the world shining above you.
Barbados, a relatively small island in the Caribbean, is sometimes referred to as “Little Britain” due to its long history as a British colony. Since its independence in 1966, Barbados has had one of the best healthcare systems in the world as well as one of the highest rates of literacy in the Western hemisphere. Because its economy is highly dependent upon tourism, Barbados is well-suited as a vacation spot for beach buffs and those who enjoy resort luxuries. Along with its numerous deluxe resorts, this little island holds several historical sites with picturesque views, including the Botanical Garden and numerous coral reefs. From submarine and segway tours, and nightclubbing at the beach bars, to exploring UNESCO World Heritage sites and other properties that tell of the island’s English, African and West Indian roots, there is plenty to do here. The waters around Barbados are some of the clearest in the world—scuba diving and snorkeling are a must.
Guilin, a city in southern China, is legendary among Chinese tourists for its scenic beauty. Surrounded by two rivers, four lakes, and limestone mountains and karst formations, Guilin is one of the cleaner cities in the country, largely thanks to tourism. Key sites to visit include Seven Star Park, which features a small zoo that’s home to giant pandas and red pandas, the Reed Flute Cave, where stalactite and stalagmite formations seem to defy physics; and the Jingjiang Princes’ City, an elegant ‘inner city’ complex that used to be the official residence of Ming Dynasty princes. And don’t forget about food—mifen rice noodles, fatty pork layered in taro, and regional chili sauces are well-loved in this city. With cheap eats and many free activities to fill your days, from light shows and night markets to scenic walks around the lakes, Guilin is a wonderful place for budget travelers.
Estonia’s capital city, Tallinn, has two faces: medieval Old Tallin and its thriving, modern other half, where steel and glass skyscrapers contain the goings-on of a well-connected European city. Both are ideal for tourists and architect enthusiasts alike. In Old Tallinn, rustic city walls and cobblestone streets are vestiges of centuries past, while colorful wooden houses and Soviet brutalist (concrete apartment blocks) reflect the change of styles over the last one hundred years. Newer Tallinn impresses with all the posh trappings of modern Europe. Tourism is a growing industry in Estonia, so chain shops and restaurants coexist among older, more traditional accommodations. Don’t miss the historic treasures of Old Town—it is, after all, often called the ‘medieval pearl of Europe.’
Rising 2,430 meters above the jungle floor of the Peruvian Urubamba region, Machu Picchu stands as testimony to the Incan Empire that flourished here in the 15th century. The ancient city is a world famous archeological site, spanning 32,500 hectares of Andean mountains and valleys belonging to the upper Amazon basin. The rugged terrain and richly diverse natural resources of this area were impressively cultivated and constructed by the Incas into one of the most stunning urban creations yet uncovered by explorers. You can reach the ruins a few ways: by train or bus to the small valley town below its mountainous setting, or via the famous Inca Trail itself, which requires hiking for 2 or 4 days through the countryside, jungle and parts of the Andes. Don’t worry, hired porters will carry your bags if you opt for the latter. No matter how one arrives, the act of witnessing this spectacular site leaves even the most experienced explorers feeling giddy with amazement at the wonders of ancient human civilization.
Located in southwest Bolivia, Salar de Uyuni is the world’s largest salt flat, giving off a hallucinogenic white landscape during the dry season and a perfect reflection of the sky during the wet season (as pictured above). The best way to experience the Salar is to travel with a tour group, with a driver who knows how to navigate the 10,000 km region and can highlight turquoise lakes, psychedelic rock formations and the best restaurants and hotels. However, if you’re on a budget, a grand adventure here can still be had: catch a local bus in Uyuni to Colchani and ask to be let off at the salt flats, which are free to hike through and explore. Bring coins and small bills for the bathrooms, as well as sunglasses, sunblock and a hat, as the salt flats are blinding with no atmosphere to block the sun’s rays. Temperatures also turn to freezing at night, so warm clothes and a hot water bottle are recommended. And of course, don’t forget your camera!
Self-proclaimed as the ‘Honeymoon Capital of the World’, Niagara Falls is split into two cities, one is in Ontario, Canada while the other is across the water in New York, USA. You can explore the majestic falls in several ways, including an observation tower, hiking trails and special viewing points to watch fireworks and light displays over the falls. The best spot is at Queen Victoria Park, located on the Canadian side of the river, which is also the ideal location from which to enjoy summer fireworks shows on Fridays and Sundays. Other activities include 15 miles of hiking trails, seasonal festivals, guided tours, clubs, bars, and even helicopter tours.
Famous for its dramatic views, stunning sunsets, and naturally beautiful beaches, Santorini is a volcanic island in Greece that should be on every traveler’s must-go list. The main attraction here is fairly straightforward: the landscape. From still smoking volcanic islands surrounding the caldera, to steep, dramatic cliffs, and the contrast of whitewashed buildings against the piercing blue Aegean sea, it’s no wonder Santorini is one of the most photographed places in the world. Several villages in Santorini, such as Fira (pictured above), as well as Firostefani are best known for their unique views of the volcano, while Oia is probably the most charming place on the island. When you’re ready to move on from simply staring in awe at the natural beauty, you can hike along the caldera from Fira to Oia, go horseback riding, scuba diving and snorkeling, and if you’re lucky, host your wedding here.
Mykonos, a Greek island located in the middle of the Aegean Sea, is best known for its cosmopolitan nightlife and gay-friendly attractions and beaches. Although more expensive than the other Greek isles, Mykonos is worth every penny. Whether you’re an urbanite or a naturalist, you won’t be disappointed. City-lovers will find no shortage of posh hotels, clubs and restaurants, with a wide variety of dining options to a range of tastes and budgets. Those seeking a history lesson can visit windmills from the 16th century, the medieval district of Little Venice, an impressive church dating back to 1425 (Panagia Paraportiani), and museums filled with folklore and cultural artifacts. And of course, the beaches—the best are considered to be on the south side of the island, but all are quite beautiful.
Known around the world for its casinos, fabulous shows, elaborately themed mega-hotels, and legendary nightclubs, the lights in Las Vegas never turn off. Despite being set in hot and dry climate of the Nevada desert, this city is never short on refreshments to quench your thirst or air-conditioning and pools to cool you off. The best way to enjoy lavish Las Vegas is on foot, so you can avoid being stuck in its regularly bad traffic. Be sure to check out the internationally acclaimed Cirque du Soleil, the roller coaster ride at New York New York, SkyJump at Stratosphere, and various comedy and magic shows located throughout ‘the Strip’. If you still have energy, you can even explore the beautiful red rock country right outside the city—hiking, rock climbing, jeep tours and mountain biking are very popular, and a great way to spend the day before setting out on the town for a memorable night.
No trip to India is complete without a visit to the majestic Taj Mahal, a mausoleum built for emperor Shah Jahan’s favorite wife. Located in Agra, India, the Taj Mahal is one of the most well-preserved and architecturally stunning tombs in the world, with reflecting pools and extensive ornamental gardens surrounding its reflective stone walls. It goes without question that it is one of the New Seven Wonders of the World, but don’t take our word for it. Walk the grounds, laid out with superior symmetry and aesthetic inspiration, to enjoy its gardens, archways and intricate stonework. The delicate arabesques and precious stone inlays juxtaposed with the changing colors of the day are so exquisite they often appear fake, making it clear just how dearly Shah Jahan loved Mumtaz Mahal.
This dreamlike setting might seem like a paradise reserved for the elite few, but the seductive Seychelles welcome all travelers. An archipelago of 115 islands lying off the coast of Madagascar, the Seychelles are home to some of the most sublime beaches on the planet. While it’s certainly a top choice for a luxurious honeymoon, the reasons to visit this Indian Ocean jewel don’t stop there—watersports and land-based recreation activities are also a main draw for tourists. The world’s largest coral atoll is in the Seychelles, home to tiger sharks, mantra rays, and giant tortoises, and the diving opportunities are unbeatable. Out of the water, you can explore nature reserves full of exotic birds, go horseback riding, or relax and learn on a glass-bottom boat tour. Amidst the lush mountains and glittering sea, on a stretch of beach all to yourself, you may find it difficult to imagine ever returning home.
Hong Kong is one of the Special Administrated Regions of the Republic of China, and is one of the most densely populated cities in the world. CNN recently rated Hong Kong the number one skyline in the world, being picture perfect during both night and day. But people don’t come to Hong Kong just for the scenery, there are many attractions that draw people there. For those of you looking to have fun with the family, some places to consider are Ocean Park or Jumpin Gym USA. They’re the top attractions in Hong Kong for fun and games. However, if you’re looking to do something more outdoorsy, you can climb the Dragon’s Back hiking trail or go relax in the Nian Lian Garden. There are so many things to do in Hong Kong that it would be impossible to list every single thing, it’s something you have to see for yourself. If you’re looking to take the best skyline pictures in the world, this is the place to go, and while you’re at it you can have tons of fun too.
“One Emirates, many peoples”, goes the saying about Dubai, a desert city in the United Arab Emirates that has turned from a quiet fishing village into a growing tourist destination. Dubai is ideal for anyone who loves shopping, partying, sunbathing, fine dining, and sporting events. Split into Old Dubai and Modern Dubai, attractions and landmarks are numerous in each area, including the Dubai Museum, souks (markets), the Dubai Fountain and Burj Khalifa—the tallest building in the world. During winter, camel races are held every Thursdays and Fridays, and throughout the year, you can ski or snowboard on a manmade slope inside the Dubai Mall. For outdoor thrills, visit the beaches, parks or sand dunes of the surrounding desert. If you have only 24 hours or less, the best thing to do in Dubai is shop. From the largest mall in the world, to historic souks filled with spices, textiles and jewelry, you can hunt for bargains to your heart’s content.
The Great Wall of China is the only work of human hands that can be seen from the moon. Once critical to ancient Chinese rulers as a means of defense against invasion, the Great Wall now stands as a record of history spanning more than 20,000 kilometers from east to west. Tourists can visit from multiple locations, the most popular site located in Beijing. Along its length, the geography and environment range from mountains to grasslands and desert plateaus. Among these shifting habitats live many different species of wildlife, including the rare Siberian tiger and Giant Pandas, cranes and Sitka deers—you never know what you might see on a given day. Depending on where you enter the wall, you can hike, ride up on a cable car (the hills are very steep!), visit caves containing rock art, see Genghis Khan’s Palace, and even ride a toboggan back down. With so many options, working the Great Wall into your China itinerary is easily done and well worth it.
Each of the 2.3 million stone blocks that make up the Great Pyramids in Giza weighs, on average, around 2 tons. The seventh of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the pyramids of Giza are the iconic image of Egypt, along with the Sphinx. Seeing them during a trip to Egypt is a must. Even if ancient Egyptian history is not your thing, their size and symmetry will astound you, both from a distance and up close. To enjoy the pyramids, you can tour the area on camel or horseback, watch a sound and light show reflected on their exterior, and of course, explore the colossal monuments inside and out. The megalopolis of Cairo that emerges from the eastern edges of Giza continues to change and grow with each decade, but these symbols of Pharaonic times remain steadfast—don’t miss them.
Moscow is the capital city, and also the most populated city, in all of Russia. Is is a prosperous city and is home to the second largest community of billionaires, meaning there are a lot of generous donations being given all around the city in order to build attractions to bring tourists in from all over the world. One of those attractions is the Tretyakov Gallery which is split into an old gallery for renaissance artwork, and a new gallery for more contemporary 20th century and later artwork. Moscow is also known for its sports, and has housed over 500 Olympic athletes in the city alone. This is because the city puts a lot of emphasis on sports and has over 80 different stadiums for different sports in this city alone. Anyone interested in seeing sports of any kind would definitely enjoy being here; Russian sports are one of the top in the world and are very fun to watch. Red Square is considered the very center of Moscow and also all of Russia because all of the major streets of Moscow stem from the square. The Red Square is a place you definitely must see when venturing to Russia; it is an indescribable experience that needs to be seen first hand to do it justice. The surrounding buildings are so colorful and vibrant and there are people everywhere (especially on weekends) so it makes you feel like you’re in a scene from a movie. The buildings all have their own look to them and the shops and nearby restaurants are the only places you can go to take a rest from the huge hustle and bustle of this busy square. It is something you have to see for yourself in order to really understand, but the beauty of the city is really exhibited there; in order to really see Russia, you have to see Red Square.
Stonehenge is the most popular tourist destination of Wiltshire, England. Archaeologists believe that it was built anywhere from 3000 BC to 2000 BC. Many theories surround these great stones as to their original purpose, from human sacrifice to astronomy, but one of the most prevailing thoughts is that Stonehenge was a burial ground. The stone circle is believed to have been constructed in three phases, requiring more than 30 million hours of labor to complete. Due to erosion, the stones are now cordoned off and visitors are no longer allowed to touch and climb on them—however, they are permitted to walk around and during ceremonials times of the year, special access is granted. Wiltshire, characterized by its large rolling chalk downland and grazing farmlands, is ideal playground for history buffs and lovers of ancient archaeology. Europe’s highest concentration of prehistoric sites is in this county, including the famous Stonehenge mentioned above and Avebury stone circles. Not just for a history lesson, however, Wiltshire also caters to those who love shopping and exploring city culture. Places of interest include the Whitchurch Silk Mill, Castle Combe Circuit, Studley Grange Butterfly World and Craft Village, and the cathedral spire located in Salisbury. This mysterious and beautiful rural part of the UK is filled with ways to explore countryside rich with heritage. Like the pyramids, these ancient wonders should not be overlooked during a visit to the UK.
The “city above the sea” is China’s largest city in terms of population. It is also its financial center. This economic role shows in its cloud-seeking skyscrapers over Huangpu River. Various architectures vie for attention along Shanghai’s streets – the colonial European brick townhouses, the Chinese shikumengates, the contemporary steel and glass towers, the Art Deco Bund facades, the French Concession’s villas and boulevards, and the glitzy 3-mile Nanjing Lu commercial strip. Despite modernism, this is still China at the core – where people start the day with meditative tai chi, museums hold exquisite regal showcases of culture and opulence, gardens are green and serene, traditional wet markets sell the freshest vegetables and fish, and where silk, jade, and porcelain are still important trades. Do enjoy the cutting-edge facilities of this city, but look out for the Chinese Zen beyond the glitzy malls and French cafés.
One of the most important archaeological sites in Southeast Asia, the Angkor Archaeological Park is a main draw for visitor to Cambodia. It features the magnificent remains of several capitals of the Khmer Empire such as the Temple of Angkor Wat and Bayon Temple. Within the chiseled walls, the stories of centuries past are told: Angkor was first a Hindu temple dedicated to the god Vishnu. Later, it became a Buddhist temple, and Buddhist statues were added to the complex. Until the industrial revolution, this ancient city was thought to be the largest in the world at the time. A full understanding of the original intentions for building the temples has not yet been reached, but that wont stop you from basking in the sacred energy of this incredible ruin.
Traditionally called Uluru (“Earth Mother” in aboriginal language), Ayers Rock is a single, massive rock formation located in the Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park in Northern Territory, Australia. Deemed sacred by the Aborigines, the controversial hiking route up Uluru follows the track that many ancestral Mala men took to get to the top for ceremonies. Although climbing Ayers Rock nowadays is mostly prohibited, there are rare times when the climb is open, but you should be properly informed before doing so. The rock itself is impressive all on its own without any need to ascend. Throughout the day, it undergoes dramatic color changes, from a terracotta hue to blue or violet at sunset, and flaming red in the mornings. Perhaps better than climbing the treacherous path to the top, then, is to rest below its grandeur with a camera.
Chichen Itza is a city that was built by the Mayan civilization that still exists too this day, which makes it of great historical importance to mankind. A lot of the attractions of Chichen Itza are caves and ancient ruins — basically just historical sites — but they are very interesting because of how long they have existed. You can go to the ball courts and see where the Mayans held all their sporting events, or the Balankanche Cave where you can see the ritual offerings that the Mayans of the ancient civilization laid out over a thousand years ago. With all these historic places to see, Chichen Itza is the perfect place for anyone that is interested in seeing how the ancient civilizations lived; it is truly a worthwile experience to see all these things so that you can be humbled by how much you have now and how people lived then, and truly see the value of the world around you. It is an amazing experience.
The Big Apple, as New York City, is nicknamed, is quite a big apple to bite into. Perhaps best known for Times Square, the most bustling and active city square in the country, New York is simply huge. Five boroughs, each with their own distinct flare and district subdivisions, offer an enormous array of food, fashion, media, entertainment, culture and more. More than 180 countries are represented by residents who have immigrated here, drawn by its energy, diverse culture and international scope. You might need a lifetime to cover it all, but here’s a start: In Manhattan, you’ll see Times Square and Broadway, the best place in the nation to watch a musical. The Statue of Liberty waves her torch from Liberty Island. The Empire State Building, Metropolitan Museum of Art, and Central Park are all famous for a reason—don’t miss them. See a Yankees game in the Bronx, hang with the uber-hip in Brooklyn, or contemplate the Atlantic Ocean from the Rockaways. Don’t worry about fitting it all in—you won’t! But your visit will be vibrant, memorable and fun at any time of the year.
As the capitol of the United States, Washington D.C. is the epicenter of the nation’s history, but it also has much more to offer tourists. After viewing the Smithsonian, venture out into the diverse districts to eat delicious ethnic food, dance in lively clubs, scour boutiques for new threads, and enjoy the eccentricities of the capitol’s many neighborhoods. Of course, the White House is here, and can be toured throughout the year. Those interested in the Civil Rights movement can also pay homage to the late Martin Luther King Jr., as well as other Civil Rights Leaders, at sites all around the city. The Martin Luther King Memorial in West Potomac Park is recommended. However, all the usual tourist haunts aside, the intermingling of cultures throughout D.C. may serve to be one of the most interesting aspects of your time in this extremely international city.
Don’t be scared off by the fact that Tokyo hosts the most densely populated urban area in the world. This fascinating metropolis is characterized by a mix of wealth, high-tech vision, and funky style that encourages exploration. No matter the time of day or night in Tokyo, you’ll find the city and many of its inhabitants very much alive. The metro area also spans from the urban core to mountains in the west and islands in the south, and fun can be found at all corners. In the city, nightlife reigns supreme. After exploring Japanese cuisine, sing duets with new friends at a karaoke bar, or dance until the sun comes up. Out past the high-rises, as the terrain becomes rugged, visit symbols of the past such as the Meiji Shrine or the Edo Castle. More a constellation of distinct cities than a single, unified core, Tokyo is an exciting jungle full of new experiences awaiting your curiosity.
Mumbai (formerly Bombay) is the most populous city in India and the fourth most populous city in the world. You may know it for Bollywood—India’s own version of Hollywood is located here—but the megacity is also the nation’s economic heavy hitter and a very cosmopolitan city. With more millions packed into each square mile than Manhattan, you’ll have plenty to see and probably be looking forward to places that encourage relaxation. Some of the best in Mumbai are at the Haji Ali Darga, a stunning and serene Islamic shrine that sits upon an islet surrounded by the sea, and St. Thomas’ Cathedral, a restored Anglican church showing off Byantine architecture from centuries past. When you’re recharged, walk or drive along Marine Drive, the lamp-lit promenade that winds along the Arabian Sea, breathtaking at both sunrise and sunset.
Jeju Island of South Korea is known for many things: the adult-themed sculpture park, Loveland, the rapeseed fields that bloom during April, and the stellar beaches that allow you to watch the sunset over the peak of a volcano. Family oriented activities throughout the volcanic island make this the perfect place to go on family trips. You can hike up Hallasan, the highest mountain in South Korea, which has a very gradual slope and is perfect for younger hikers, or you can visit the Kimnyoung Maze Park, a hedge maze that attracts tourists from all over the world. Finally, once the kids are asleep or out playing with other supervisors, adults can visit Loveland and explore this unique place “where love oriented art and eroticism meet”. Jeju island is beautiful and fun for all ages. If you can, go during April when the blooming rapeseed fields have carpeted the island in hues of yellow.
Berlin is the capital city of Germany and also its most populated, making it a very busy and fun place to be. So much so that Berlin is actually known for being a nightlife city — many techno clubs started becoming really popular in Berlin after the fall of the Berlin Wall. But if techno isn’t your thing, there are still many bars around the area that are booming with people all throughout the night on any weekend, which makes meeting people and having a fun time much easier. During the daytime though, you can visit the museums and monuments for a look into the history of Berlin. The Palace of Tears is an historical exhibition museum that retells stories of people who tried to smuggle goods across the city during the cold war that is really worth a visit if you want to hear a very honest and accurate description of what it was really like for the East and West Germans during this time. You can also visit the Berlin Wall Memorial to see what remains of the wall that divided the city before, and see how it would feel being on one side rather than the other. Berlin is the city to go to if you are looking to learn a bit about Germany’s history while having some fun during the night!
Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland and is known for its division of the Old Town and the New Town. The Old Town is a place for history nuts and people who want to take a look at what medieval streets may have looked; Edinburgh’s Old Town is known for their efforts at preserving the medieval street plans and buildings. That being said, the entrance to the Old Town lays next to a castle and stretches all the way down to the old mines, with churches and huts along the way. The New Town was Scotland’s solution to an influx of immigrants with no place to live, and was created with more urban buildings and plannings — apartments laid next to each other with no room in between. It has many attractions such as Zoos, Museums, and art galleries that bring tourists in all the time. So whether you’re going to the Old Town to take a look at the castles and vaults, or the New Town to check out the zoos and museums, or doing both, Edinburgh is a place you have to see!
Considered to be one of the world’s most sacred sites, Easter Island is most famous for its enigmatic giant stone busts known as Moai statues (pictured above), which reflect the rise and fall of the island’s isolated Polynesian culture. Resting far off of the Chilean coast in the Pacific Ocean, Easter Island is small but rich with fascinating history and a still thriving culture. Moai archaeological sites located almost everywhere on the island, often overlooking ceremonial platforms and burials called “Ahu.” Aside from the statues, other features of Easter Island include the volcanic craters of Rano Kau and Rano Raraku, the sandy white beaches of Anakena and Ovahe, and the extensive cave systems found near Ana Kakenga. Look no further for an adventure full of explorations and cultural immersion, on this island that French explorer Alphonse Pinart named the ‘Navel of the World’.
Pictured above are bioluminescent phytoplankton, marine microbes who left this unbelievable display on the majestic island beaches of the Maldives last year. The Maldives are a group of islands in the Republic of Maldives, which belongs to India. In the middle of the Indian Ocean trade route, history has brought different peoples and practices in contact with the islands throughout history, giving its own citizens a fascinating blend of language, beliefs, art and lifestyle. The Maldives are a prime spot to vacation, whether your goal is to escape from pace of everyday life, or to dive and explore the micro-universe underwater. At Manta Point, you’ll see manta rays and reef fish, as well as white-tipped sharks and eagle rays, which are hard to come by. Another must-see spot is Sun Island Beach where you stay in a beach bungalow and wake up to the ocean at your door. Stress and frustration will be long gone once you step foot on any of these gorgeous islands.
The entrance into the ‘Lost City’ of Petra is through a narrow gorge, cut into soaring high cliffs of red sandstone. The ancient Jordanian city is literally chiseled into rock within the area of Wadi Musa—imagine someone turning the Grand Canyon into a series of temples, tombs and houses. The structures of Petra are unbelievable to behold, their cuts into the rock made with such perfection that architects from all over the world come to see the work. The reds and pinks of the sandstone create a gorgeous exterior entrance and the angles of the canyons cast beautiful shadows and highlights throughout the day. A tour of Petra allows you visit tombs, monasteries, and government buildings, all rock-cut to perfection. The natural beauty of the site and the intricacy of its carvings, hidden away in the mountain gorges since prehistoric times, will leave you breathless.
Iconic architecture, stylish citizens, glorious food, and the Masters of the Arts—all found here, in the City of Love. Paris is an undeniably beautiful city, in all seasons, both day and night. Whether it’s the view from the oh-so-famous Eiffel Tower looking out across the glowing city lights, or the gargoyle Notre Dame, the twinkling Champs-Elysees avenue, or a serene stroll along the Seine, you are sure to be seduced by Paris. After viewing timeless masterpieces inside the Louvre, walk through one of the quartiers until you find a boulangerie, buy some bread and cheese and enjoy a picturesque picnic under a leafy tree at the Jardin du Luxembourg. Tour the famous museums, check out uberhip designer shops, and dine al fresco at exotic restaurants, and you’ll see why this city has earned its reputation for being the most romantic in the world. The Louvre, one of the most popular attractions in Paris, is a glass pyramid museum showcasing some of the world’s most famous art. Measuring a total of 652,000 square feet, the Louvre offers over 35,000 objects, historical and contemporary, for your viewing pleasure—one of these is the well-known, gently smirking Mona Lisa. The Louvre is made with over 600 pieces of glass and is truly an architectural beauty. More than 8 million visitors see the collections here each year, representing ancient cultures of Egypt, the near East, Greece and Rome, and the Islamic empire. The art forms range from painting, prints and drawing to sculpture and decorative arts. After seeing its interior contents, be sure to spend some time contemplating the simply beauty of the glass structure itself—at night, the glow of the pyramid makes for an incredibly romantic backdrop.
The steep walls of the Grand Canyon, carved out naturally over time by the Colorado River, reveal 19 distinct physiographic sections of rock from the Colorado Plateau. Located in Arizona, the canyon is one of the seven Natural Wonders of the World, and has a history of human inhabitance dating back to at least 1200 BCE. From the rim to the bottom of the gorge, the colorful striations of different rock layers tell the geological history of the canyon and how it has changed, and grown, over time. At the visitor center, you can learn more about the indigenous people that first made the canyon their home, as well as their descendants who still populate the area in small, remote villages along the river valley. If you’re extremely adventurous (and fit), you can hike 8 miles into the village of Supai, one of two places in the US—the other being Phantom Ranch, further up the canyon—where mail is still carried in and out by mule trains.
Rome the capital city of Italy and is known for its rich history, which spans over two and a half millennia. Ancient Rome was a thriving city whose famous denizens, such as Julius Caesar, Augustus, and the poet Virgil, are still studied heavily throughout academia. Now often called ‘The Eternal City,’ Rome today is one of the most important tourist destinations around the world. This being said, it can be very crowded during the high season, but that should not deter you. The art and architecture of Rome’s museums and historical sites, as well as its food, landscape, and culture, are known internationally. The Colosseum, where the ancient Roman Gladiators used to fight for the entertainment of emperors and citizens, is one of the world’s Seven Wonders. Unique renaissance architecture is found throughout Rome, as well as religious sites such as the Vatican, the Pantheon and many churches and cathedrals. There is so much to do and see in Rome, you probably wont be able to fit everything in during one trip—but that just means you’ll have several return visits to look forward to.
The Vatican City gets its own recognition not only because it is the smallest independent city state in the world, but also because it is one of the most influential, thanks to the Pope. A must-see location within Vatican City is the Apostolic Palace, where the Pope himself resides. This contains the most famous chapel of Rome, the Sistine Chapel, whose beautiful frescoes lining the ceiling and walls and is believed to be Michelangelo’s most significant achievement as a painter. The Vatican Museums should be also on your list. Here, you’ll get a grand tour of the Vatican Gardens and other treasures that the city holds dear, including some of the most famous art on the planet.
Mexico City is an exciting and wonderful place; not only the Mexican capital, it is also the largest and most lively city of the South American continent. Part of the city’s appeal is in its dichotomous mix of people and places—bohemian hipsters and the well-to-do, world-class terraces and dive bars or street vendors, Six Flags amusement parks and cosmopolitan art exhibits—the blend is strange, but never boring! La Feria de Chapultepec Magico, one of the oldest amusement parks in Mexico, offers a great family atmosphere and isn’t as crowded as most amusement parks. The National Palace shows off the amazing murals of Diego Riviera, and El Zocalo, a central plaza, often hosts traveling cultural and art exhibits that will stop you in your tracks. It can be difficult to put the electricity and color of Mexico City into words, but once here, you’ll feel it.
Amritsar is a holy city in northwestern India, earning its spot on travel lists for being the spiritual and cultural center of the Sikh religion. The stunning Golden Temple, the most important religious site for all Sikhs, hosts thousands of pilgrims each day who will be excited to tell you about their customs. With your head covered and shoes off, you can wander the complex 24 hours a day, taking in its beauty and immersing in the reflections of the Amrit Sarovar pool. The nearby castle-like Khalsa College is another great photo-worthy spot in Amritsar, with a lush garden and beautiful blue fountain. The Mata Temple is highly recommended, a labyrinthine Hindu cave temple where pregnant women traditionally came to pray. Getting inside takes walking through a system of low tunnels, caves and mirrored hallways, making it a psychedelic experience. Let’s not forget food: this is one of the best places in the country to try a delicious traditional Indian meal, since the dining hall at the Golden Temple offers free meals to all.
Jerusalem is one of the oldest cities in the world, the largest in Israel, and a holy site for Judaism, Christianity and Islam. The coveted city also has a violent history, having been claimed by each of these three religions for centuries. The Western Wall, Dome of the Rock, and Church of the Holy Sepulchre, among other important sites, are located in Jerusalem, drawing history buffs and religious pilgrims by the millions every year. A visit to the many memorials and museums can be an educational and humbling lesson, so plan to see as many as you can. The Dead Sea Scrolls are housed in the Israel Museum, the largest in the country, and the Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is sobering but well worth the reflection it affords. And of course, don’t miss the Old City. This is the historical core of Jerusalem, bustling with life and some of the most holy Jewish sites in the world.
At nearly 400 meters below sea level, the Dead Sea is the lowest point in the world. This salty sea bordering Jordan and Israel is so salinated that no animals can survive it, hence the name. The saltiness of the water itself has a long history of tourism, attracting people from all over the world to since biblical times. People have used the salt to create various wellness and beauty products, and to supply resorts and treatment centers around the world. Other nearby attractions, like the Baptism Site of John the Baptist, the Mujib nature reserve, and historic Mount Nebo, will enrich your educational experience here after the salt has enriched your health.
At the tropical northern tip of the Australian coast, Darwin is a very international port city, representing more than 56 countries with its diverse mix of inhabitants. There is lots to do and see here, including aquariums, parks, and zoos that display several dangerous, rare, or cute animals in open, man-made habitats. One in particular is the very popular Crocodylus Park, which involves a tour through a crocodile farm. Mindil Beach is another fabulous location to go enjoy a splendid sunset and low-key atmosphere. When you’re ready to quench your thirst, find one of the many bars or restaurants along the wharfs and beaches, and chill out with a view of the ocean. Darwin is filled with endless ways to recreate and relax, so no matter what your preferences are, this is thriving city with an international pulse won’t disappoint.
The Svalbard Islands archipelago in Norway offers a very rural, small-town experience next to the ocean. It is among the top 10 safest places on Earth with almost no crimes reported in the last 30 years. While it doesn’t offer the city bustle of a large metropolis, the scenic beauty of this relatively untouched arctic wilderness is what makes the Svalbards worth a visit. Many tourists come here to view the glaciers and Northern Lights, or to see polar bears in their natural habitat. You can ride snowmobiles or dogsleds, join a boat safari to observe wildlife, or dine on seal, whale, reindeer and even polar bear (on rare occasions). Regardless of your reason, this pure atmosphere of this unique Scandinavian destination sets the mood for a tranquil and aesthetically stunning experience.
Walt Disney World, Florida, may just be ‘the happiest place on Earth’—at least that’s the slogan of the globe’s most visited entertainment complex. Comprised of 24 themed resorts, four theme parks and two water parks, this micro-universe of fun is one of the top dream destinations of families across America. From exciting rollercoaster rides designed from the stories of popular films, to light shows in the Magic Kingdom castle, the display of human achievement at Epcot Center, and Hollywood Studio’s celebration of show business, the fun never stops. Disney World was originally intended to be an ‘Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow,’ but ultimately became an imaginative, interactive city where anyone and everyone can just be a kid.
While small in stature, the little city of Beppu on the island of Kyushu is famous for its Eight Hells, a visually stunning group of geothermal hot spots that have created colorful, boiling pools of volcanic water and mud. You can’t sit in them (they’re much too hot), but the unique array of blood-red, orange, green, and blue pits are enchanting, with names like Demon Mountain and Blood Pond. If you want to relax, don’t worry—Beppu also has several onsens or hot springs that are cool enough to enter but hot enough to soak all the aches from your wearied muscles. This small town is easily reached from the city, and makes for a delightful day trip. If all that soaking hasn’t left you ready for a nap, you can climb the Kintetsu Beppu Ropeway to the top of Mt. Tsurumi, to survey the entire city and bay from on high.
Nicknamed the City of the Angels, Los Angeles is an international city and an economic powerhouse for the US. Hollywood, the city’s anchor for the world leader in the motion picture and television production industry, is a huge draw for tourists, but LA is home to so much more. You contemplate the arts at more than 800 museums and galleries, cheer on a baseball game at Dodger Stadium, pose in front of the Hollywood sign, and admire creativity at the Getty Center. Or just explore the various ethnic neighborhoods around this megalopolis. Over 140 countries and 224 languages are represented here, meaning you can find enriching art, cultural and historical sites of interest just about everywhere. Finally, don’t forget the beach! It’s one of the best things to enjoy about southern California and doesn’t cost a penny.
Perth is the largest city in Australia and boasts an average of 3,000 hours of sunshine each year. With all those bright days, you’ll have plenty of chances to experience Perth’s multitude of attractions. King’s Park is one of the most postcard-perfect spaces you will ever see, beautiful at any hour and larger than NYC’s Central Park. The Perth Zoo is known throughout the world for breeding orangutans and giraffes, and makes a great afternoon activity before sitting down to lunch at a fusion café or laid-back bar. Plenty of high-end shopping is available, and at night, the skyline glows on the surface of the Swan River, casting a glittering magic over the bustling nightlife. Come to surf, come to sightsee, or come to simply enjoy some of Australia’s best urban living.
Ulan Bator is the capital and largest city in Mongolia. The architecture here is lackluster, thanks to the Soviet Era, but Ulan Bator is not short on interesting cultural sites and museums to visit and learn from. The National History Museum, the Zanabazar Fine Arts Museum, and the Borg Khan Palace Museum are all highly recommended, as well day trips to the Terelj National Park, the Manzushir Monastery ruins, and a giant statue of Genghis Khan, pictured above. If you time it right, you can visit during Naadam, the largest and most famous festival in Mongolia. During Naadam, the three traditional Mongolian sports of wrestling, horse racing and archery take center stage in a series of competitions that celebrate this part of the nation’s heritage.
Tanzania may be one of the oldest continuously inhabited places on Earth. Some of the most intact human and pre-human fossils have been dug up here, in the Great Rift Valley. There are two places you should absolutely visit while in Tanzania, even if your time is short: the Serengeti National Park, known for its annual migration of 1.5 million annual wildebeest and 250 thousand zebra, and Ngorongoro Crater, the world’s largest inactive caldera. These two places are about 160 km from one another, which is roughly 100 miles. Those fit for a strenuous and challenging multi-day hike can attempt to summit the continent’s largest mountain peak, Mount Kilimanjaro, while those interested in lower altitudes can relax by the beautiful shores of Lake Victoria. With more time, you can check out stunning white sand beaches, Stone Age sites filled with rock paintings, or scuba dive in the Indian Ocean. Your choices are endless, and all will be memorable.
The South Pacific islands of Fiji are known for their wonderful resorts and beautiful, clear blue waters. It’s no surprise, then, that the plethora of activities you can enjoy in Fiji center around water sports and adventurous recreation. Go scuba diving and snorkeling on the coral reefs, hike in the tropical highlands, try windsurfing or schedule a massage at your resort. The Fijians are very hospitable and invite visitors to enjoy their flamboyant cultural festivals taking place throughout the year. You wont have time to set foot on every one of the 333 islands that belong to Fiji, but you could certainly get to several of the most popular—including the Mamanucas, whose beaches starred in the film Cast Away.
An island country off the eastern coast of Africa, Madagascar is home to a diverse mix of ethnic groups and features some incredibly unique biodiversity. In fact, many ecologists call Madagascar ‘the Eighth Continent’ due to its species richness, which is unparalleled thanks to the isolated nature of the island. Five percent of all animals and plants known to man can be found only on Madagascar. While diving and sunning on the beach are easy answers to the question of what to do here, the interesting mix of cultural history on the island has created traditions that are hard to find elsewhere. If you’re very lucky, you might even be witness to traditional exhumation and reburial practices, called famadihanas, or circumcision ceremonies. Both are special to the Malagasy people and are sure to leave you with new perspectives.
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest coral reef system in the world, and can actually be seen from outer space. More impressive, perhaps, it is larger than the Great Wall of China. Situated off the coast of Australia, it has provides habitat for a wide range of species, whose beauty draw divers and snorkelers from all over. There are actually over 3,000 individual reef systems and coral cays that make up the Reef. You may be lucky enough to see humpback whales during their migration north from the Antarctic, or many other endangered species that make there home here. You can enjoy the Reef with any skill level: take in the views from a glass-bottom observation boat, go for a snorkel, or dive right down to the coral. No matter your budget, there are plenty of ways to experience this natural wonder.
Mesa Verde National Park in Colorado is the only heritage site to have been named a national park. The huts you see above were built by the Anasazi people, the earliest inhabitants of the area who left these incredible clues to their civilization hidden throughout the Southwestern United States. Built on the sides of and underneath cliffs, the ruins are intact enough to demonstrate the impressive skill of these ancestors, and nearly fourteen centuries of history. The civilization of the Ancestral Puebloans, which the Anasazi belonged to, extended to thousands of building sites in Mesa Verde, such that it is the country’s richest archeological region. To experience the Park, you can walk, drive, or take a guided bus tour. The best option is definitely on foot—you’ll be free to hike and climb ladders in and out of the cliff dwellings, literally walking in the footsteps of our ancestors.
Pompeii has a tragic history but the perspective is part of why the ruins of this ancient city are worth a visit at least once in your life. Over 2000 years ago, Pompeii was buried under the ash and other debris of a volcanic eruption and everyone perished. All the townspeople were either suffocated immediately, or ultimately buried alive. The town was rediscovered in 1599, but an excavation did not begin until about 1839, discovering whole families preserved together in their homes, awaiting their sad fate. Pompeii has now been a tourist spot for hundreds of years, allowing people to see the destruction that a volcano is capable of causing. If you want to learn more about the city’s history, or witness the destruction of a volcano first hand, come to Pompeii. You are sure to be humbled by the experience.
Churchill, in the Canadian province of Manitoba, is known for two things: the aurora borealis and polar bears. Centered under the aurora circle, Churchill is incontestably known as the best spot in the world to view the aurora borealis. Here, you’ll be dazzled by nature’s light show as it surrounds you completely, a phenomenon that few are lucky enough to experience. However, if you visit Churchill during the peak aurora seasons, you may miss out on the chance to watch the polar bears interacting with one another, which is also a rare sight. The weather requirements necessary for the aurora borealis, and those which draw polar bears out and about, are completely opposite—so you may just have to visit twice. However, if you time it just right and stay for long enough, you might fortunate to see both in one trip!
Home to the South Pole, the bottom of the world and comprising the fifth-largest continent, Antarctica is incredibly unique. While it appears to be nothing but ice, there is more diversity of wildlife and climate than you might think. The continent In Antarctica, you will find various species of penguins, such as the Emperor Penguin, King Penguin, Adelie Penguin, and other animals who are well adapted to the white, frozen tundra. While no humans live here permanently, anywhere from 1000-5000 people work in research stations scattered throughout the continent during different times of the year. Unless you’re affiliated with one of these research operations, you’ll have to get there in one of three ways: a commercial sea voyage, a specially appointed land expedition, or sightseeing by air. You’ll only be able to visit during November–March, when the ice has melted enough to allow access. If you are lucky enough to reach this extremely cold, dry place, you will join the ranks of a tiny percentage of humans who have realized this dream. And if you ever get a chance to go there, don’t forget to go bathing in Deception Island.
The Yangtze River used to be famous for one of its main residents, the Yangtze dolphin, or Baiji. These lovely creatures were once seen easily while boating on the river. However, in 2006, they were declared extinct, although many people still believe the dolphins exist, since the declaration was based on only one survey. In 2007, a video of a Baiji sighting was released, and ever since, people have been flocking to the Yangtze with hopes of catching a glimpse of possibly extinct species. Don’t go just for the dolphin, though: go to this famed river for its scenic beauty, its small, gorgeous canals, and the serenity of gliding along its surface on a boat. Even if you aren’t able to find a Baiji, the ride will be memorable enough.
Athens is the oldest city still in existence and is the current capital of Greece. It is also the biggest with over 3.5 million people in its metropolitan area, it is also home to the Parthenon. The Parthenon was constructed in Ancient Greece as a temple to honor the goddess Athena. This structure is a true marvel, with scars on its marble walls telling much about the temple’s history. After almost 2500 years of war, it still stands firmly. You can see the remnants of conflict on each of the panels at the top of the temple, and even the supports show sign of tear. Even after reconstructing and buttressing the structure, the Greek government chose to leave the scars as a lesson for modern visitors about the effects of war. A trip to Greece should absolutely include this symbol of the ancient culture, Athenian democracy, western civilization and the talent of mankind in producing stunning monuments that seem to defy physics.
Mount Kilimanjaro, the highest summit in Africa, is a wondrous sight. The peak of Kilimanjaro stands alone, towering over the plains of Tanzania by over 6,000 meters. It is this great height and the challenge to reach it, that this mountain has become so tempting for people to climb—to be at the highest possible point in Africa with no other contenders nearby. Around 15,000 people have attempted to climb the mountain, but less than half have successfully summited. The mountain rises from lowland farm country, through changing climate zones of rainforest and alpine meadow, to finally a dry, empty landscape reaching to the final twin summits. While the summit does not require ropes or technical climbing, the hike is extremely challenging and requires high levels of fitness and determination. If you do choose to go, your efforts will certainly be rewarded by the knowledge that you have reached the top of the African continent.
Venice, Italy was a focal point of growth in the arts during the Renaissance, and has maintained that image to this day. This watery city hosts the highest concentration of artistic masterpieces per square mile in the world. However, art and classical music are by far not the only reason to come to Venice. Take a gondola ride in its famous canals, see dramatic marble churches, and indulge your gastrophoria with a tour of the city’s delicacies: world renowned gelato, fresh seafood, and regional wine. If you do happen to be an art enthusiast, don’t miss the contemporary art on display at the Punta della Dogana, and listen to the best rendition of Vivaldi you will ever hear at Teatro La Fenice.
The Galapagos Islands are an archipelago of small volcanic islands, made famous by Charles Darwin in his research on evolution. Tourism opportunities here are abundant, often involving the chance to get close to various animals in their natural habitat. It would not be uncommon for you to sit on the beach and run into a sea lion on San Cristóbal Island, or a penguin on Isabela Island. When you’re not talking to the animals, you can go fishing, swimming, surfing, snorkeling and diving. On the 18 main islands, a few small hotels have recently opened to accommodate overnight stays, but cruising the archipelago by boat remains one of the best ways to tour the Galapagos. A multi-day cruise allows you to see many islands and wildlife sites, enjoy watersports in beautiful areas, and reduce your environmental impact by not staying on land.
The Amazon Basin encompasses almost 3 million square miles of land in South America, with about three quarters of that land being rainforest. This region comprises the most species rich tropical rainforest in the world, and spreads throughout eight different countries. The Amazon River runs through the region from its headwaters to the sea, in Brazil, a lifeblood of sorts to thousands of species that depend on it. Researchers have been studying the Amazon for decades, but admit they may never catalog all the species that reside there—some may even be lost to human development before we can discover them. A trip to the Amazon is not for the faint of heart. It can be very challenging, and there are no guarantees to seeing wildlife or indigenous inhabitants. However, a simpler itinerary based around the wonder of experiencing such a remote, diversity rich place will not disappoint.
This New Zealand National Park is home to a breathtaking environment that makes it perfect for nighttime camping or hiking excursions. There are gorgeous and clean lakes all around the park, with campsites nearby, making it a wonderful place to relax under the stars while enjoying a nice lakeside view. If this sounds good to you, the campsites you should check out are the ones along the White Horse Hill, which offer a long but beautiful hike before reaching the campsites. However, not everyone is interested in getting down and dirty, and would rather just enjoy the scenery from a lodge or cabin. If this sounds like you, the Mt Cook backpackers lodge is perfect for you. It is in the middle of the mountains so it is the perfect spot for anyone looking to go hiking, exploring, or just general sightseeing. You won’t regret coming here for one of the best, most beautiful, hikes and nighttime excursions you can experience in the world.
These waterfalls of the Iguazu River in Brazil are one of the New Seven Wonders of Nature. The view of these massive falls flowing down over the triple border of Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina rivals any other such view on the planet. You can view the falls from either of these countries, although the visa rules vary and prior planning is recommended to avoid disappointing delays. Once inside the park, you can get around by foot on trails circumnavigating the basin of the falls, or hop on tourists shuttle trains and buses. The Iguazu Falls are taller than Niagara Falls and twice as wide, and they are worth spending an entire day in the park, so you can take in their grandeur from both sides.
Pisa is a city in Tuscany, Italy, famous for its leaning tower, aptly named the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Any history enthusiasts would enjoy this city, given that the building from which Pisa draws its fame was an architectural project gone very wrong. Pisa is much more than its ill-angled tower, however. The University of Pisa has been around since the 12th century, making it one of the oldest educational institutions still operating. Students from across the country apply to study here, drawn by its history of academia and research. After posing in front of the tower, spend a few hours wandering the town among Gothic churches and buildings evoking the bygone days of the Romans and the Renaissance. Finish with a cappuccino at an outdoor café, with the bustle of local street life as your entertainment.
While Indonesia has over 17,000 islands to its name, one that should top your list is the paradise known as Bali. This ‘Island of the Gods’ pairs rich culture and strong religious ties with rugged coastlines, pristine sand, and jungly hillsides. Throughout this inspiring landscape, you’ll find sacred and well-kept temples, often alongside a beach, with the gentle ocean keeping watch. In Bali, everything is five-star: the resorts, beaches and spas, the surfing and diving, with accommodations both luxurious and budget-friendly, and attractions for all types. It’s not hard to see why Bali is the number one tourist attraction of Indonesia—80 percent of foreign visitors come here. Despite this popularity, Bali has not lost its charm and you can still find the peace and quiet sought by its ancestral inhabitants centuries ago.
Also known simply as The Lakes, this beautiful National Park in Northwest England is a marvelous panorama of misty mountains ranges and sparkling lakes. The endless list of ways to enjoy the Lake District makes it almost impossible to narrow it down to a few, but we’ll help. Lakeside camping, mountain climbing, or river rafting are a great start. Then, you can follow up your outdoor adventures with luxurious spa treatments or a fabulous meal in a countryside hotel. With beautiful waters, gorgeous gardens, and breathtaking mountains, anyone remotely interested in the natural world will find peace here. You’ll never run out of trails to wander, or humbling views to ponder.
A Spanish island in the Mediterranean Sea, Ibiza is known for its crazy nightlife and upbeat atmosphere. Electronic music fans from all over the globe flock here to enjoy riotous raves and partying until the break of dawn. Where else in the world can you dance all night, step outside the club into the sand, and lay down on the warm sand to sleepily watch the sun come up? For travelers not as excited about the party scene, there is good news for you too: Ibiza is not all about raves and debauchery. You can easily rent a car and tour the old town, the natural caves and hidden coves, visit the Es Canar Hippy Market, or go parasailing. Festivals take place throughout the year, offering tastes and smells you likely have not encountered elsewhere. You might come to Ibiza for the party, but if you take some time to explore, you’ll leave with more than you expected.
Seattle is known for many things: coffee, technology, liberalism, and rain. That last point, however, is a bit of a myth. Seattle may have some gray winters, but the temperate climate and combination of mountains and ocean in nearly every direction makes it a jewel of the Pacific Northwest. There are several unique ways to take in the magnificent views of the Emerald City, as it’s lovingly known: Seattle’s iconic landmark, the Space Needle, is visited by tourists from all over the world, and is the highest spot from which to enjoy a 360-degree panorama of the city, surrounded by the Puget Sound, several lakes, and two volcanic mountain ranges. You don’t need the height of the Needle to see Mt. Rainier, the Northwest’s most famous volcano which features some of the largest glaciers in the contiguous United States and sees more than 10,000 summit attempts each year. At night, the backdrop of city lights against the Sound or on Lake Union create stunning photo opportunities, and the 120-odd neighborhoods that comprise the whole of metro Seattle come alive with an endless supply of restaurants, bars, fantastic music venues, and parks or beaches that add an unforgettable element to any outing. Watch the fishmongers in Pike Place Market, sample the best roasted coffees from around in the world, listen to New Orleans brass at the Triple Door, or catch a soccer or baseball game at one of the stadiums—no matter your interest, Seattle has something for everyone, no matter the time of year.
A detachment of the Edwards Air Force Base in Nevada, touching the south of Groom Lake, Area 51 appears to be pretty empty. However, UFO and alien believers would argue that there is much more going on here than meets the eye. The United States military conducts top secret flight testing in the area, keeping it closed off to civilians, which may have something to do with the UFO sightings that have been reported for decades by people wielding shaky, blurred footage of ‘bright lights in the sky.’ If you are hoping to actually see Area 51, you’ll be disappointed—you simply cannot enter. However, if you’re passing through, other nearby stops that poke fun at the extra terrestrial theory can make for a fun way to take a break from the car. Inside the neighboring town of Rachel, population 98, you can visit Little A’Le’Inn, a small motel with an alien-themed gift shop. If you want to push your limits, you can drive down Groom Lake Road and gawk at the men in black who will not-so-kindly urge you back on your way if you go off course.
Stockholm is the capital and most populated city of Sweden and is known for its beautiful architecture. It’s not historic architecture either, which is what other cities are known for. The contemporary art form of architecture displayed in Stockholm is something you won’t find in many cities; there is the Ericcson Globe, a multicolored indoor arena that flashes brightly through the night, and Soder Torn, a high rise in Stockholm that looks like it came out of Iron Man or Batman (although lacking in height, the style is the same). It is worth a visit to go and appreciate the hard work effort put behind creating the buildings; the beauty of the city when all of these wonderful pieces of art come together to form what we know as Stockholm make it a trip worth taking before you die.
Atlanta, the city that blends the old with the new and does it with complete pizazz. Host of the 1996 Olympics and birthplace of one of the greatest figures of the Civil Rights movement, Atlanta is the capital of Georgia, USA, and the most prominent state of the American South. Whether you’re a fan of history, an enthusiast of the arts, a sports nut, or a night owl, this is the city for you. Learn about the entire history of Coca Cola at the World of Coca-Cola (pictured above), ride the wicked roller coasters at Six Flags, visit the Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site or go on a journey at the Atlanta Cyclorama & Civil War Museum. When you’re done sightseeing, the food culture and nightlife here will pick you up and keep you going all night. They don’t call it ‘Hotlanta’ for nothing.
Singapore, the island city-state, is the eclectic seat of Asia’s culture and character. Start your mornings with flowing Chinese tai chi moves amidst a rainforest setting in the Botanic Gardens. Walk around Chinatown and venture into temples and Hindu Shrines filled with plumes of incense. The Museum on Neo-Palladian Asian Civilizations exhibits some of the most noted Vietnamese, Arabic and Islamic artifacts. You wouldn’t want to miss SentosaIsland which offers all sorts of outdoor recreation. Endless gleaming malls line up along Orchard Road – a true shopper’s haven. Singapore lights up at night, from the spike-dome Esplanade theatre to the pulsing Zouk Club and the Chinatown Night Market. Singaporeans love to eat out, and so will you with unlimited food options from Hainanese fare to curried Indian food. Visit Singapore and experience the richness of the Asian heritage and the luxury of a megacity.
Waikiki, home to one of the most famous beaches in the world, is a district on the island of Oahu in Hawaii. Because of its fame, Waikiki Beach (which is actually a series of beaches) is also among the most crowded. Each beach caters to different tastes, from learning how to surf and snorkel to swimming and hanging out with family and friends. And let’s not forget, no Hawaiian trip is complete without attending at least one luau, in which you can experience hula dancing, live music, fire dancing, and conch shell ceremonies. Other places of interest in Waikiki include Kapiolani Park, the Waikiki Shell amphitheater and Honolulu Zoo, and the famous hike up Diamond Head—a strenuous trail that rewards persevering hikers with an unforgettable view of the entire city and the surrounding blue Pacific.
Visibly different from the rest of India due to prolonged Portuguese rule, Goa is a state in India that has long been a highlight for backpackers. Famous for its beaches, ancient temples and churches, and the Goan carnival, Goa is comprised of many towns and villages that will require some thinking and planning of local transportation. The area caters to all interests: you might choose to explore the many museums, dive in the waters around Grande Island, paraglide in North Goa, or go jet-skiing on Anjuna or Baga beach. Travelers keen to lend a helping hand can check out volunteering opportunities, such as spending time in one of the local orphanages or taking part in animal rescues and nature centers.
Angel Falls, the world’s highest waterfall, is located in the jungles of Canaima National Park in Venezuela. These falls were the real life inspiration for Paradise Falls in Disney Pixar’s movie Up. An abundance of fauna and flora make their home in the area, including monkeys, poison arrow frogs, and hundreds of species of orchids. Although rare, you can also sometimes spot other big mammals such as giant anteaters, armadillos, porcupines, three-toed sloths, otters, jaguars, pumas, tapirs and capybaras. To experience this majestic site that lies deep in isolated jungle territory, book with a tour operator in Canaima. You’ll be able to come incredibly close to the foot of the falls and camp alongside the river, amidst the deep basin of the thundering water.
Perfect for the family or a solo traveler, Toronto is never short on things to do or neighborhoods to explore. As Canada‘s most populous city, in TO or T-dot (as the locals call it), you can experience a truly international metropolis with a vibrant nightlife, spectacular architecture, historic museums, exciting sport recreation centers, charming luxury shops, and everything in between. More than 7,000 restaurants compete for your appetite here, ranging from upscale gourmet to home-cooked comfort foods. City tours can show you the highlights, specialized for culture vultures, history buffs or food lovers, and central downtown will teach you the true meaning of the saying, “the night is still young!” Toronto is a very diverse city, with ethnic groups from around the world represented in Chinatown, Little Italy, Portugal Village, Little India and Koreatown. In this cultural, financial and entertainment capital of Canada, you’ll experience cosmopolitan city life at its finest.